With Wang Xinyi's loud shout, several boys in her class were also attracted to the scene. 
The leader among them was a tall and handsome boy, also dressed in a white Adidas tracksuit, clearly trying to dress similarly to catch Wang Xinyi's attention.

After the boy approached, he asked Wang Xinyi, "What's going on, Xinyi?"

Wang Xinyi immediately replied angrily, "Liu Jian, you came at the right time. Go and teach that boy a lesson for me! I asked him to pick up the ball, but he kicked it away. And who told you to call me Xinyi?"

Liu Jian, the tall boy, was delighted. He thought this was his chance. Liu Jian came from a well-off family involved in business, but he couldn't compare to Wang Xinyi, the daughter of a local gang leader. 
Plus, Wang Xinyi was beautiful, and Liu Jian wanted to get close to her.

Now was the perfect opportunity to show off in front of his goddess!

So he ignored Wang Xinyi's last sentence and immediately shouted at Lin Yi's figure, "Hey! Kid, I told you to stop, didn't you hear me?"

But Lin Yi continued walking without turning his head.

This made Liu Jian furious. How could someone dare to disrespect him in front of his goddess? He was a prominent figure in the school, and now he was being humiliated in front of Wang Xinyi.

"Kid, are you deaf? I told you to stop!" Liu Jian shouted.

Lin Yi's eyes flashed with cold light, and an unnamed anger ignited within him. He despised anyone who insulted his parents, even if it was the emperor himself.

Lin Yi turned around and walked towards Liu Jian with a frosty expression.

Liu Jian, feeling threatened, smirked at Wang Xinyi and said, "See, Xinyi? I just scolded him a little, and he backed down."

Wang Xinyi ignored Liu Jian and looked with interest at Lin Yi, who had a cold expression. She thought there would be some drama to watch.

Liu Jian saw Lin Yi approaching and didn't panic. He took out a pack of Zhonghua cigarettes from his pocket, lit one for himself, and casually threw one to each of his two lackeys. 
Then he acted as if he had been on the streets for a long time, smiling.

He took the opportunity to put his arm around Lin Yi, completely ignoring the icy expression on Lin Yi's face, and said, "Brother, you know what you just did, but do you know who you offended?"

Lin Yi remained silent, and Liu Jian thought he had successfully intimidated him. He continued, "Wang Yi, Li Er, Wu San'er, Zhao Si! Ever heard of them?" He blew a smoke ring, acting as if he was familiar with them.

"This beautiful girl next to me is Wang Yi's daughter, Wang Xinyi. You offended her. Do you believe that one phone call from her can get your whole family killed? Of course, you don't have to be afraid.  
There is a way now.  Xinyi wants me to teach you a lesson.  How about this?  You pretend to let me beat you up a bit.  This way, Xinyi will feel better, and the matter will be resolved.  What do you think?"

As he spoke, Liu Jian occasionally glanced back at his two lackeys, as if to say, "Did you see that?  Don't always rely on brute force to solve problems.  Use your brain.  
Didn't you see how easily I intimidated this kid with just a few words?  After we beat him up, he will thank us and maybe even treat us to a meal."

Liu Jian's lackeys were impressed by his tactics and had a look of admiration on their faces.

Even Wang Xinyi, who had always been pleased with this boy's efforts to please her, looked at him with a bit more respect.  He had some brains and knew how to take advantage of the situation.

Lin Yi remained silent, coldly observing Liu Jian's pretentious and flawed acting.  When he was still on the streets, he was familiar with this kind of behavior.  Liu Jian was simply trying to show off in front of Guan Gong!

With just this trick, he could intimidate ordinary students, but as for Lin Yi?  He could only laugh!

Lin Yi understood Liu Jian's intentions.  He thought that his recent display of arrogance meant that he had some influence.  
Liu Jian wanted to show off in front of his goddess and avoid trouble afterwards.  He thought he could have the best of both worlds.

But Lin Yi, who had been cautious for thirty years, saw through his little scheme.  He smirked.

Liu Jian, seeing that he couldn't intimidate Lin Yi, immediately threatened, "Brother, don't blame me for not warning you.  This is not the time for you to act impulsively..."

Before he could finish his sentence, Lin Yi ruthlessly kicked him in the stomach!

Ugh!

Liu Jian immediately fell to the ground, retching!

Everyone present was stunned!  What the hell!  Wasn't he just intimidated?  What the hell is going on?!

Even Liu Jian hadn't expected such a sudden attack.  He had no defense at all!  Everyone stared at Lin Yi, who had an icy expression.  They couldn't quite understand his intentions.

Anyone in their right mind would have chosen to be beaten up rather than face this situation.  Did they really think their influence was stronger than Wang Yi's?  
With Lin Yi's terrifying presence and his string of incomprehensible words, Liu Jian's lackeys hesitated.

And just as the lackeys were hesitating whether to step forward and confront Lin Yi, Lin Yi didn't hesitate at all.

Insulting my parents, do you think it can be resolved with just one kick?

Lin Yi took a big step forward and delivered a powerful kick to Liu Jian's face.  Ah!  Liu Jian screamed in pain, blood flowing from his mouth.

Lin Yi looked at the fallen Liu Jian and mercilessly stomped on his hand.  Ah!!!

Liu Jian's screams grew even louder.  His ruthless methods, combined with his lackeys' reactions, left the lackeys stunned.  They were hesitant to see their boss in such a miserable state.  
They were about to step forward and teach Lin Yi a lesson.  Did they really think they couldn't handle him?  They wouldn't be at a disadvantage, right?

But just as they took a half step forward, they froze in place.  Perhaps it was Lin Yi's words that shocked them!

At that moment, Lin Yi coldly said, "Kid, do you think you can join the underworld just by smoking, getting tattoos, and imitating those gangster movies?  Do you think you're a gangster just because you use foul language?  
Next time, open your eyes wide and gather information before pretending to be friends with someone.  Do you think you can be arrogant just because you have a couple of bodyguards?

When I was on the streets, your little brother was still smaller than my pinky finger.  Now you want to act like the boss in front of me?  You really don't know your place!"

After speaking, Lin Yi kicked Liu Jian again!

Shock!  Absolute shock!

Liu Jian's lackeys dared not approach anymore.  They didn't even have the courage to meet Lin Yi's gaze.  What a joke!  When he spouted that string of slang, anyone could tell that he was the real deal in the underworld!
