Under the influence of Lin Yi's monetary stimulus, the taxi driver drove like a maniac, overtaking other cars, running red lights, and even attracting the attention of traffic police. 
However, the driver was skilled enough to intentionally take detours and shake off the pursuing police.

"Sir, we have arrived. It took twenty minutes," the driver said, turning to Lin Yi.

Lin Yi nodded and quickly got out of the car, heading straight to the stock exchange.

Unfortunately, he arrived just as they were closing. Most people had already left, and only one middle-aged employee remained at the door. Lin Yi was both surprised and angry. 
It was only 2:50, and they were closing ten minutes early?

Naturally, Lin Yi couldn't accept this. He had to buy the stocks today; 
otherwise, once Oil Overlord Corporation's second-generation product was developed, the stock would skyrocket, and countless people would rush to buy it.

So Lin Yi approached the middle-aged employee and grabbed his hand, preventing him from closing the door. The middle-aged employee turned around, initially surprised and then furious.

He thought, "Is this kid looking for trouble?"

The middle-aged man forcefully shook off Lin Yi's hand and angrily asked, "What do you want? Can't you see I'm busy?"

Lin Yi's face turned cold as he replied, "I'm here to buy stocks. Aren't you closing at three?"

"Buy stocks?" The middle-aged man sneered. "A kid like you who hasn't even grown a beard yet wants to buy stocks like an adult?"

"I'm already eighteen, legally an adult, so it's none of your business!" Lin Yi coldly retorted.

"Oh!" The middle-aged man suddenly raised his voice. "It's none of my business? I call the shots in this stock exchange. 
I closed early today because I wanted to go home. If you want to buy, come back tomorrow!"

After saying that, the middle-aged man ignored Lin Yi and started locking the door.

Lin Yi's eyes grew colder, and he silently stepped back. From the corner of his eye, he saw the middle-aged man smirking, thinking that he had scared the young boy away. 
But then, a loud crash came from behind him, startling the middle-aged man. 
He turned around and cursed, but before he could finish his sentence, he let out a scream as he saw his electric scooter being smashed.

Lin Yi, who was smashing the scooter, showed no reaction and continued without any expression. 
The middle-aged man's eyes widened in anger and he exclaimed, "What the hell!  Who the f*** is smashing my scooter...  Ah!"

Before he could finish his sentence, he erupted into a pig-like scream, "My electric scooter!"

Meanwhile, Lin Yi continued smashing the scooter without any reaction.  The middle-aged man, with his eyes bulging, angrily shouted, "You dare to keep smashing?  Watch me beat you to death!"

He was about to charge at Lin Yi when Lin Yi calmly took out a stack of bright red banknotes from his pocket and threw it at the middle-aged employee's face. Smack!

The middle-aged employee was dumbfounded.  He stopped in his tracks, staring at the stack of banknotes. Judging by its thickness, it was definitely worth ten thousand!

That was nearly a year's salary for him, considering that salaries were not high twelve years ago

Seeing the stack of money, the middle-aged employee's mind raced. This high school student who could casually throw around ten thousand must come from a wealthy family. 
Moreover, he had just smashed my scooter. Undoubtedly, Lin Yi was a rich prodigal!

Although he thought this way, the middle-aged employee still complied. After all, who wouldn't for ten thousand?

About a minute later, the middle-aged employee said, "It's done. You can choose which stock to buy."

"Buy it for me. This is my first time trading stocks, and I don't know how to do it. Just buy the stocks of Oil Overlord Corporation," Lin Yi said.

Upon hearing this, the middle-aged employee was speechless. Who doesn't even know how to sell stocks? Are you here to lose money? And who told you to buy stocks from Oil Overlord Corporation?

Their stocks are plummeting right now, and the company is on the verge of bankruptcy. Why would you buy them? Did a donkey kick your brain?

However, the middle-aged employee didn't say any of this to Lin Yi. He still harbored resentment towards him and wished for Lin Yi to suffer. So he asked, "How many shares do you want to sell?"

"Buy all the shares with the 190 million in my account," Lin Yi replied calmly.

Bang!

It was the sound of a dropped mouse!

The middle-aged man stared with the widest eyes he had ever had, looking at this eighteen-year-old high school student. 
His face was filled with disbelief as he muttered, "How... how much?!"

"190 million," Lin Yi repeated.

Half an hour later, Lin Yi left the stock exchange, bursting into laughter that attracted the attention of onlookers.

But no one knew what Lin Yi was laughing about. Only Lin Yi himself knew that he was laughing because he was about to become the future richest person in China!

He had bought all the available stocks of Oil Overlord Corporation. Now, he owned 51% of the company's shares, which meant he was now the chairman of Oil Overlord Corporation. 
No one had a higher stake than him, not even the company's owner, Lin Jianwen, who only held 30% of the shares.

Having the highest stake meant that Oil Overlord Corporation was now under his control. He had the final say in all decisions because as the largest shareholder, he had the power of veto.

Furthermore, Lin Yi had only spent 150 million  for the purchase, leaving him with over 40 million. He had initially thought that 190 million wouldn't be enough.

It seemed he had worried unnecessarily. After all, it was twelve years ago, and prices were not as high as they are now.

He was also grateful that he had made a deal with the devil twenty years ago, exchanging two billion. Otherwise, he wouldn't have had enough money.

With a sense of triumph, Lin Yi walked away, but the middle-aged employee was left in shock.

He was still slumped in his chair at the stock exchange, his face filled with disbelief, as if he had witnessed something unimaginable.

His thoughts raced in his mind.

Damn it! That was 150 million! You spendthrift! You actually spent so much money to buy stocks from a company that's about to go bankrupt. Are you born to defy your parents?

But luckily, I'm a person who knows the current situation. 
I accepted his ten thousand. Otherwise, if I had beaten up this kid, I probably wouldn't be able to survive in Jianghai City anymore.

Oh no! Wait a minute, I helped him buy the stocks. 
If his parents find out one day, they might think I intentionally tricked their child. That would be disastrous for me. No, I can't stay in Jianghai City anymore!
